Clarify WorkgroupId definition (#2541)
KhronosGroup/Vulkan-Docs: chapters/interfaces.adoc

code:WorkgroupId::

Decorating a variable with the code:WorkgroupId built-in decoration will

> make that variable contain the global coordinate of the local workgroup that

Reviewer: Task shaders talk about local workgroups at least:

> Task shaders execute in global workgroups which are divided into a number of local workgroups

this is confusing. ...

Looking further it seems like global workgroup refers to all the work done in a dispatch / mesh draw. I guess this makes sense then ...

> make that variable contain the global coordinate of the local workgroup that

Author: Yea. I don't love it either but I'm not rocking that boat right now 😬

the current invocation is a member of.
Each component is in the range [eq]#[base,base {plus} count)#, where
[eq]#base# and [eq]#count# are based on the parameters passed into the

> dispatching commands for each dimension of the dispatch.

Reviewer: Probably needs to consider mesh/task.

Author: ```suggestion
dispatching
ifdef::VK_NV_mesh_shader,VK_EXT_mesh_shader[]
or drawing
endif::VK_NV_mesh_shader,VK_EXT_mesh_shader[]
commands in each dimension.
```
